[Turn soft wrap on]

Alot have changed. I am in Mirpur, Dhaka. I have been pretty busy moving into a new apartment with 4 of my friends.

Me and one of my friends are helping me do all the things. He went home for just today. He has a physical pain and needed to head home asap. I was alone in my room, my other friends are here.

I woke up at 5 am today. At the moment I'm typing this, I have a 13 hour uptime and it's not night yet. I was given the duty to basically oversee everything that goes in this house. I don't like it. Wastes time, if I manage something poorly, I will be subjected to many questions. I also have to do many small things around the house and talking about it will make me look really petty. I feel like I'm going to lose my sanity staying here.

But hey, Why would I only take up all duties? Of course I will have to distribute the tasks. I have been living with my parents all my life. When I wasn't, they still managed most things and I didn't have to do much. Now I have to manage with people I only know for a few weeks. Beauty of becoming an adult.

I felt like vomiting twice. I felt like crying. Heck I even tried to watch a sad movie or anime or anything to let my heart clam down. Ended up doing none. I went outside for a 5 min stroll. It was very refreshing.

I can't even do many things online because I don't have a wifi connection yet. A wifi provider I contacted said they can provide me a connection within a day. We were supposed to get a connection today. We didn't get a connection. They scheduled our service for 6th July. I was angry. They agreed to give us a connection at 5th July. I don't trust them.

Living here taught me something. Staying in a 3 seat hostels might be the right move. I will try to stay here at least 3 months. I have bought a lot of stuff to just move it around. I may have to sell some to move. We'll see what the future holds.

Allah will not give me tests that I can't pass. Allah is just.

Okay I kinda teared up writing that. I guess I will get to watching some anime. I really wanted to work on some projects. But without a good internet connection, a good enough mood/motive and a fresh mind I can't really think of any projects. I can just look for projects made by other people and take inspirations, but like I said I'm not in the best mood to try anything. I think I will go out for some tea and a breathe in the polluted air of Dhaka. 
